[fix] FSDP: EMA related fixes (#922)
facebookresearch/fairscale: CHANGELOG.md

  left after children were wrapped. [#930]
- FSDP: Add support for saving optimizer state when using expert replicas with FSDP.

### Fixed

> - FSDP: fixing handling of internal states with state_dict and load_state_dict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FSDP: Fixed handling of internal optimizer state using state_dict and load_state_dict to support the unused parameters use case.
```

Author: Actually, this part is not about optimizer state, this is about state_dict function. I will make it more clear.

>   This is to support optimizer state handling when some of the parameters are

Reviewer: This line can be deleted I think with the above modification.

Author: Updated.
